Task to send token expiration reminder (#34176)
dimagi/commcare-hq: corehq/apps/sso/templates/sso/email/api_secret_expiring_reminder.txt

{% load i18n %}
{% blocktrans %}
Dear enterprise administrator,

> The api secret for your Identity Provider {{ idp_name }} expires soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Secret for your Identity Provider "{{ idp_name }}" expires soon!
```

> If the secret is not recreated with a new expiration date, the auto-deactivation of web user for this IdP will stop working {{ expires_on }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new API Secret is not created, the Remote User Management functionality for your Identity Provider will stop working on: {{ expires_on }}
```
